Good morning, family.
How are y'all doing today?
Well, we're going to pray.
I have an urgency to pray.
I have some things the Lord revealed to us last night in the middle of the night.
He spoke to us, and he told us about some things that are being plotted and planned by the evildoers.
And so, I can't get into a lot of it, but I know by what the Spirit of God has told me through the night that if we would pray together as a family this morning, we will see great results in catching these evildoers—one in particular that is a leader in the United States of America.
This is very serious.
You know me; I don't do videos this early.
I do them at night.
I was up all night, and the Lord said, 'I want you to pray with the people.
' So, I'm waiting for a little bit more of you to come in.
How many are here?
1,200.
Okay, that's good enough.
We can do it.
All right.
Well, good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me again this day.
Today is Yom Kippur, and we have work to do.
Last night, I was visited by the Lord, and he told me some specific things—very clear visions, very clear about terrorist activity in America.
There's a lot of this, like I'm saying, I cannot say over the air, but I will tell you this: there's one man in particular.
He is...
how could I say that?
There's one particular man that we can catch real quick by the Spirit if we pray into this this morning.
I was on his trail all night, and he's running.
And I know by the Spirit of God, we are going to catch this man.
He is a leader.
And I know there's a lot of detail, like I said, that I see that I cannot say, especially on this live.
But I will tell you this: I believe in the power of prayer where two or more are gathered together in his name.
We're going to touch and agree right now, and we're going to believe that our Secret Service, our Homeland Security, and our FBI will catch this guy.
He's been two steps ahead of them for a while.
I can say that.
The Lord said he's been two steps ahead of them because of certain reasons, and I can't get into that.
But we're going to pray for the head of the snake to be decapitated, okay?
So, that's what we're here to do.
And I'm not going to waste y'all's time.
I know you're probably getting ready for work and whatnot today.
But I know that if we could just pray just a little bit, even if you give five minutes to this—five minutes getting ready for work, or on the way to work, or wherever you're at right now—pray into this for five minutes in tongues with me.
And us as a group, a body, we're going to cut the head of the snake.
And when this happens—I want to say so much.
We must pray for Israel.
Excuse my coughing.
Like I said, I got my peppermint stick here, and it really helps.
We just need a freeze to kill all the ragweed.
Okay, I'm trying to navigate this thing the best I can, y'all, with what I've been given to tell you without exposing too much.
And I'll just tell you this: we need to pray for Israel.
We need to pray for the three Ps: plots, plans, and pursuits.
Okay.
Help me, Holy Spirit, here.
This is very serious, y'all.
This is very serious.
And the things I'm getting by the Spirit of God last night, I was very angry about it for what I was seeing.
Do you think I can say the gang name?
Probably shouldn't say that gang name.
Well, it doesn't matter.
I'm just going to pray.
You just pray with me.
Okay, let's just pray.
That's all that matters.
The Holy Spirit knows.
And like I said, the things I get, y'all, I get these visions like this; I never share them publicly.
And this is very serious.
So, you just need to know, as Brandon comes here and brings this stuff to you, when I tell you it is very serious, this will be life and death for some.
Okay?
And that's how serious it is, to the level of the things that I have delivered to you.
This is top tier.
This is very—I can say this: what happened in New York with the telecommunications and the 100,000 SIM cards, it's piggybacked.
Okay.
So, I can say that.
So, we're going to pray.
That's what I can say.
So, it's just an unfolding of an onion.
It's like an onion; it has many layers.
And this thing is bigger than what most people realize.
There's a lot of people that will never know behind the scenes of how deep and how much infiltration we had from the southern border over the course of the last five years, or whatever it was, four years, and the evildoers coming across.
And so, we must pray that every one of them will be exposed.
I will tell you this, I can say the Lord said you can say that it's not just big cities.
You need to pray, mamas, grandmas, grandpas, daddies, over high school football games.
You need to pray over your local government, your local gatherings of your town people—small town, not just major cities.
You think, 'Well, I don't live in Chicago.
I don't live in Boston.
I don't live in New York.
' But you live maybe in a small town.
And if you're in a small town, you need to pray just as hard because of what I've seen.
So, all right, let's just get right into it.
Let's take communion.
If you have your communion cracker and you want to pray with me—I never go into prayer before I take communion.
It's that important.
So, we lift up the body before you, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, we are healed.
And we believe, Father, that we have authority.
And I thank you, Lord, that we take our rightful place in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers and might.
We take our seat, and we say in the name of Jesus over our area, over our area of influence, wherever you are at right now, we say, 'Satan, we take authority over your demonic spirits that would try to come against our families, against our loved ones, against our town.
' Father, I thank you, Lord, there's a bloodline around us.
We apply the blood, and we bind the demonic spirits that they will not be able to maneuver in any way to cause any kind of havoc or any kind of demonic attack against our towns or our local cities.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ is over our nation, and we plead the blood over us.
And we thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
A thousand shall fall at our side, and ten thousand at our right hand, but it shall not come nigh us.
We thank you, Lord, that we're always in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what you've called us to do every single day.
We must listen to the voice of God in this day and hour.
Seriously, you need to heighten your spiritual discernment and your hearing by listening to the Spirit of God, by praying, fasting, seeking him day to day, all the time.
Have your spiritual antenna up.
Keep strife out of your house.
Walk in love, for faith works by love, and you must walk in love in these last hours.
Jesus Christ is coming, and the enemy, the devil, is doing everything he can to try to disrupt this great revival that's about to take place.
I kept hearing the word jihad.
I kept hearing the word Mahdi.
We must create instability in America and wound the eagle so that we can attack Israel.
For if the eagle is crippled, we will be able to have our way with Israel.
If there is great distraction in the eagle, if there's great chaos in the eagle, we can have our way with Israel.
And therefore, creating jihad and what I saw would create a holy war that would bring forth the Mahdi.
And this is the plan.
And as I saw these major events, these major events would be an attempt to try to create instability and peace.
And I've warned you bits and pieces of this over time.
And the very peace that you go about every day and take for granted, as our law enforcement does a really good job, our Homeland Security, our people, keeping law and order in this nation.
This is an attack against civilization and the stability of our way of life.
Two dead in UK synagogue attacked on Yom Kippur, suspect with a bomb shot by police.
Do you see what I'm trying to tell you all about today?
What I'm trying to tell you about today.
The Lord said it's about the day.
Good Lord, I wish I could say stuff on free air—the Yom Kippur War.
There are things that they want retaliation for.
But I've said too much probably already.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the body, and we lift up—I lift up the body, and I thank You, Lord, for all that You've done for us.
And I take this body in Jesus' name.
Lord, we thank You for the blood, and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us in these days.
We apply the blood of Jesus over this great nation.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our president, Donald Trump.
We apply the blood of Jesus over JD Vance.
We apply the blood of Jesus over Don Jr.
and over Kai.
We apply the blood of Jesus over every one of Donald Trump's kids, over his grandkids, over his wife, over the decisions that he makes in the days ahead.
We stand in the gap as watchmen and watchwomen on the wall, praying and lifting up this nation.
Father, even the UK, and over Europe, and over all the areas like in Australia and all these areas.
Father, I thank You, Lord, the blood of Jesus covers our nations.
It wasn't about Asia; it was about Western.
Everything I saw last night had nothing to do with any other nation other than America and Israel.
And it was a lot.
The open-eyed vision lasted probably almost an hour.
He showed me great details last night.
I almost went on immediately, but I just interceded for it for a while.
And then He said, "If you do this, we're after this one man.
He's probably about 40 years old.
" So, Father, we take the blood in the name of Jesus, and we thank You, Father, and we thank You, Lord, for the blood, and we apply the blood over this house and over anything.
If You want to show me anymore, Lord, I know what I know, Father, but I thank You, Lord, that the blood of Jesus covers my eyes and I see only what You want me to see and I hear only what You want me to hear, and a stranger's voice I will not follow.
I apply the blood over me, Father.
And I thank You, Lord, that no demonic spirit comes in and is able to infiltrate and mess with me in any way.
I plead the blood of Jesus over my thinking.
And I thank You, Lord, for all that You've done and all that You continue to do in the mighty name of Jesus through this channel.
And Father, we take the blood right now in Jesus' name.
Thank You, Lord.
Now, we're just going to go tubing.
If you don't know what that means, we're going to go down the Holy Ghost River and pray in tongues.
I don't have time to pray in English today, y'all.
We've got to just jump right into this, and we're going to go deep.
You've got to put on your armor, and let's ride this.
And I'm telling you, we're going to catch this guy.
We're going to catch him.
We're going to bring him to justice, and he's not going to be able to hide anymore in any of those little rooms.
He's not going to be able to hide.
He's had help, and we want to expose the help.
We want to expose how he's been ahead.
Okay, Holy Spirit, we yield to you.
It's my peppermint stick.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
We jump right back into that river, Father, where we were earlier.
Yeah.
And I'm uncovering every room, every hiding place, every cave, every means of cover-up.
We call an exposing in the darkness.
We call you exposed, exposed, exposed, found by law enforcement.
There's no rock you can hide under.
There's no cave.
There's no subway.
There's no apartment complex.
There's no house.
There's no building.
I say there is an uncovering.
You will be found, and you'll be found today in the name of Jesus.
Every plot, every plan of jihad against this nation, every plot, every plan, every demonic attack or strategy of pursuit of all this demonic I've seen, I call you exposed in the name of Jesus.
I call you exposed in the name of Jesus.
No weapon formed against Donald Trump or his family will prosper.
No weapon formed against them will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against him, we condemn it.
We condemn the words that have been spoken.
We plead the blood over this great nation.
We cover our Homeland Security.
We call every rat, every harboring rat to be exposed in every police department, in the government facilities, and judges.
We call rats to be exposed in the name of Jesus.
Every one of them that be harboring them, we call exposing.
We call exposing in the name of Jesus.
We call every plan, every plot, everything, we call exposed in Jesus' name, in the small towns and the great cities.
Over New York, over Times Square, over Grand Central, over every mass transit, over all the public transportation in all the major cities.
We call great protection over the railways, over the buses, over our Uber drivers and the taxi cabs.
We call protection in the name of Jesus, over every public school, over all high school football games, over every college game, over our baseball games, over our Major League playoff games.
We call a great protection over everything, over every singer.
For it's over that spirit of jihad.
You foul devil from hell, you stop it in Jesus' name!
You cease and desist in your maneuvering against this area in Jesus' name.
We'll not have it.
You will not do this.
We'll have peace.
We'll have joy.
We'll have patience.
And we'll have love flow throughout America with a great revival—a great revival.
We pray over Seattle.
We pray for an exposing in Seattle, an exposing in Chicago, an exposing in Boston, Massachusetts, an exposing in Philadelphia.
We call an exposing in Washington, D.
C.
We call an exposing in New York City.
And we thank You, Lord, for this is like an onion that has layers, and we pull it back.
We pull back the layers, and we expose the darkness, and we turn on the light.
Let the light be shining so that they can see it, that no one would be hiding in the name of Jesus.
We call everything that has been in the darkness to be brought to light.
Angels' aid and assistance, aid and assistance.
Some towns only have two, up to three.
Some towns have two to three.
Every secret communication exposed.
No way to communicate and be in private anymore.
We call everything that is in private to be exposed in a great exposing.
The underground chatter to be exposed.
A network of activity.
Over our theaters, over where their entertainment would be, great entertainment in theaters.
Every plot, every plan against our churches, against great fellowship with our churches, megachurches, we call every one of them exposed.
Every plot against our churches, every plot against the pastors, teachers, and evangelists to be exposed in Jesus' name.
We call them exposed in Jesus' name.
Every day, are you ready to?
Just read that.
Okay.
We thank you, Lord, for everything you have in store.
We thank you, Lord, that the jihad is uncovered and brought to justice, that they will not be able to do what they're planning and plotting.
Every plan, every plot is exposed in the name of Jesus.
The darkness will be uncovered in the name of Jesus.
Oh Lord, I take the care out of my prayer.
I take the care out of the prayer.
Thank you, Lord, that you show us everything and we're exposing it today.
We're exposing it today.
We believe, Father, that you've given us authority and you've told us we could take our authority, and we do that today over every demonic spirit that's trying to infiltrate our land.
Father, I thank you for President Trump.
I thank you, Father, for him.
I thank you, Father, that you bless his mind today.
You bless his heart today.
You bless his body—over his veins, over his arteries, over his heart, over the stress.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he is in a place of peace.
He's in a place of joy today.
I thank you, Father, for his wife, for his marriage to be restored and brought to a higher level, that everything that is hidden be fixed, be restored, a freshness on his marriage, a freshness on his children.
I thank you for Barron.
I thank you, Father, for Ivanka and the girls and Missy, for Eric, for Don.
Father, I pray for every one of them, Father, that they have a radical visitation from you, that they would have a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ and it would be a radical conversion to Christianity, a radical conversion, Father, that the love and the glory would be on that home.
I thank you, Lord, that we line up and we bless Israel today.
We bless Israel today.
Thank you for Mike Huckabee.
We pray protection over Mike Huckabee.
We lift up Mike Huckabee before you, Father, and we put a hedge of blood around Mike Huckabee today.
We thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against Mike Huckabee would prosper.
I cover him in the blood, and I thank you, Lord, that Mike Huckabee would be completely protected from every plot, every plan in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father, for protecting Mike Huckabee today.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the Senate and the House would get their act together and they would open our government back up today.
There's much more to this.
Thank you for this great land.
We thank you, Father, for bringing forth the fire on our nation again of the glory of God.
The glory of God.
I thank you for revival, awakening unto God over America again.
From sea to shining sea, all the way from the Gulf all the way up to Canada.
I call a revival over America again, a stirring in every believer's heart.
I thank you, Lord, for bringing people back to church.
Remember, I saw the church bells ringing.
The church bells were ringing, ladies and gentlemen, and the Lord said, 'This is the last call.
' He was ringing the church bells and he was giving a sign.
There's a major shaking to awaken.
And he said, 'There's a sign coming.
A lot of people will run back to church.
' And I saw the pews full of Holy Ghost and fire and there were babies all outside.
There were so many babies, and Leave-it-to-Beaver moms were outside helping those babies.
They looked like '50s mothers.
They were all dressed up in their dresses like '50s women.
And the Lord said, 'Be patient with my babies.
' I say it again today: be patient with the babies.
A great revival is coming and many men and women will come to the saving knowledge of Jesus in the days ahead.
Be patient with the babies.
They're coming.
A great shaking is coming to this land.
Holy Spirit, you lead, I follow.
You lead, I follow, for everything we have in store today.
You dance, you lead, I follow.
It's a symphony.
Okay, I want you, when you're praying in the spirit, look in your heart towards New York right now.
Okay, this is the area that we need to focus on: New York.
So, when you're praying in the spirit, take your heart and know you're praying.
Say, 'Father, I put my prayers to New York and Chicago, Boston, and over Philadelphia—these major cities, like, big time.
' Okay, so we're going to...
but in particular, New York.
New York, there's...
okay, so that's where I have a...
there.
It's a hot spot.
It's been a hot spot all night for me.
Hot spots for New York.
Okay, for that.
Braden, I'm telling you, I would...
I'm not kidding.
If you turn on the news, I'd be...
my son, do you see anything on the news right now?
No, I'm seeing it right now, buddy.
I call it uncovering.
I call uncovering.
My goodness.
Oh my goodness.
I'm there.
I feel it.
Sir, I rebuke that devil off of you in Jesus' name.
Oh, Jesus.
Father, we just give you praise right now.
God, I worship you.
I worship you.
This does not happen.
This just does not happen.
Right.
It will not happen.
I worship you, Father.
What time is it right now?
What time is it?
So, it's in New York.
Okay, for everyone.
Oh, the blood of Jesus.
Oh, the blood.
The blood.
I plead the blood.
I plead the blood of Jesus.
Angels' aid and assistance.
Angels' aid and assist.
We pray over the Hudson River.
You pray over the Hudson River.
City.
We stand on...
'And the Lord shall cause your enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before your face.
They shall come out against you one way and flee before you seven ways.
' We stand on Deuteronomy 28:7.
The Lord gave that to me when I was praying, and he said right then, 'Deuteronomy 28:7: The Lord shall cause your enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before your face.
They shall come out against you one way and flee before you seven ways.
' Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
We give you praise, Lord, for Deuteronomy 28:7.
'The Lord shall cause your enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before you.
They shall come out against you one way and flee before you seven ways.
' That's what he said.
I receive it.
Do you receive it today with me?
He said it: 'The Lord shall cause your enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before you.
They will come out against you one way and flee before you seven ways.
' They'll be defeated before your face.
That's what the Lord said.
They'll be defeated before your face.
They'll be defeated.
The jihadists will be defeated before our face.
Thank you, Lord.
'The Lord shall cause your enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before your face.
' We're going to see it.
Their devices will not go off.
Angels' aid and assistance.
Hallelujah.
That's what kind of God we serve.
'The Lord shall cause your enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before your face.
They shall come out against you one way and they will flee before you seven ways.
' I believe it.
I believe it today.
I believe I receive this.
Every jihad, every device will not work.
Every one of them will be exposed and brought to justice.
Every evildoer will be exposed and brought to justice.
Mama had about the evildoer...
Remember when she read...
That was Deuteronomy 29, wasn't it?
Psalms 91.
It was like Psalms...
I believe it's Psalms 93 where she was talking.
She was reading, Mama.
Huh?
Your Deanna.
Deanna is what I'm talking about.
Don't worry about it.
You don't have to get her.
I just remember we talked about the evildoers being exposed and brought to justice.
So, I'm believing that all the evildoers, every one of these evildoers that I've seen throughout this nation, are going to be exposed.
And we just stand on Deuteronomy 28:7 today that every plot, every plan, every device will be exposed and brought to justice.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
They'll try to come at us one way, but they'll be defeated before our face.
They're going to be defeated because we're believing believers.
Do you believe that?
They are going to be defeated because we're believing believers.
They have authority over the devil.
And there is no jihad coming nigh America, coming nigh Europe, coming wherever you are.
I know I have people watching from all around the world, so you just believe it for your area, but I'm believing for America right now for what I've seen.
Do you believe that with me?
Thank you, Lord.
My voice is getting strong again so I can sing.
All this drainage is gone.
I strained.
I prayed too hard right then and again like I did earlier, and it was feeling better, and I drank hot tea, and there you go.
You found it again, buddy.
Yeah, Psalm 92:7.
Yep.
Though the wicked spring up like grass and all evildoers flourish, they are doomed to be destroyed forever.
All evildoers are doomed to be destroyed forever.
All evildoers.
Father, I believe that all evildoers are doomed to be destroyed forever.
We believe in Psalm 91.
For he will give his angels...
For he will give his angels charge over you to accompany, defend, and preserve you in all your ways of obedience and service.
They will be sent as angels are sent to protect us, and they bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
A thousand shall fall at your side, and 10,000 at your right hand, but it will not come nigh.
So, we're going to say a thousand jihadists will try to fall at our side, and 10,000 at our right hand, but it will not come nigh us.
Even lone wolves, sympathizers, only a spectator shall you be yourself.
Inaccessible.
I'm inaccessible.
Do you get that?
I'm inaccessible in the secret place of the Most High.
I'm inaccessible.
He can't get me.
I'm in the secret place of the Most High.
There isn't any jihad that's going to get us.
Why?
Because we're inaccessible.
We're inaccessible.
We're in the secret place of the Most High.
Hallelujah.
Do you believe that today?
You've got to believe it.
For he will give his angels charge over you to accompany and defend and preserve you in all your ways of obedience and service.
There's an anointing on that.
I feel the push.
Find scripture that pertains to what you're believing for today and pray it.
And that's what I'm doing because I'm praying in tongues.
I'm praying in it.
But you've got to have word-backed prayer.
You've got to find the word to back what you're praying.
And this is what he said in his word, and we've got to believe it with all and be believing believers today and say a thousand jihadists will fall at our side and 10,000 at the right hand, but it won't come nigh me or you because he gives his angels.
He sent his angels to keep charge over us.
Do you believe that?
They shall bear you up in their hands lest you dash your foot against a stone.
He's given his angels charge over us, that no terrorist attacks, no plots, no plans of the wicked will come nigh us.
He will cover you with his pinions, and under his wings shall you trust and find refuge.
His truth and his faithfulness are a shield and a buckler.
His truth and his faithfulness.
His faithfulness.
God's been faithful to me.
God's been faithful to you.
You may not think that some days, but he's been faithful to you in every area of your life.
My God has been faithful to me.
I love 16.
With long life will I satisfy him and show him my salvation.
He shall call upon me and I will answer him.
I will be with him in trouble.
I will deliver him and honor him with long life.
That's a long life.
I will live long and finish strong.
So, Father, we believe today that your hand is on us.
It's been an hour and 30 minutes.
We've been praying that long already.
Wow.
I feel like it's just been a couple of seconds.
It's going quick.
I told you I'd keep you just a second, but I feel the anointing.
So, I'm going to keep going until I...
But isn't that amazing?
Praise the Lord.
That time goes quick.
He will cover you with his pinions, and under his wings shall you trust and find refuge.
His truth and his faithfulness are a shield and a buckler.
I love that.
His truth and his faithfulness.
God has been faithful to us and he will protect us with all what I've seen.
I'm telling y'all, that's why I comfort myself with this.
I say, "Oh, nope.
I'm not moved by it.
" Why?
Because Psalm 91 is my friend.
Jesus is my friend and he'll protect me.
And you know what you say?
"Well, what happens if it doesn't?
" Well, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
We win either way.
For his goodness and his mercy follow us all the days of our life.
His goodness and his mercy, they're following us in Psalm 23.
His goodness and his mercy are following me.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that all evildoers that are doomed to be destroyed, all evildoers, Psalm 92:7.
I thank you, Father.
God, we praise you, Father, for today.
We praise you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for protecting Minnesota today, Minneapolis.
Thank you, Lord, for protecting Los Angeles.
Thank you, Lord, for protecting Dallas and Houston.
Thank you, Lord, for protecting Tulsa and Oklahoma City.
Thank you, Lord, for protecting Branson, Missouri.
Thank you, Father.
Every city that's represented here, every one of us, we're believing today.
Glory to God.
Thank you for protecting Washington, D.
C.
Thank you, Father.
We're going to see a turnaround.
We're going to see financial blessing on our households today.
Thank you, Lord, that whatever we put our hands to will prosper.
God, we lack no good thing.
God, you've anointed us and you've appointed us for such a time as this.
And it wasn't to be broke, busted, and disgusted where we didn't have enough money to pay our bills because it's the first, it's the second, and people have to pay their bills, Lord.
And so, Father, we thank you that you're the God of Israel, you're the God of Jehovah Jireh, and He will provide.
He'll provide the electric.
He'll provide the water.
He'll provide the telephone.
He'll provide the car payment, whatever you may need.
My God said He'll provide all your needs according to His riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
I always say if you have a need, sow a seed.
I'm believing God that all the seeds we've sowed reap a 30, 60, and 100-fold return, and we lack no good thing.
You believe that today?
You have to believe it today.
Believe.
Be a believing believer.
And our great nation is protected.
I felt a release off that.
So, I'm thankful for every one of y'all praying.
I don't know how many I had praying with me, but 6,000 praying, y'all.
That's a lot.
We just poked the devil's eye today.
I feel a release a little bit on that.
There's still an underlying undercurrent, but it was nothing like the pulse that I felt when I first started.
I was like, "Oh, goodness.
" But we just poked the devil's eye.
Glory to God.
We could pray a little bit longer, but I feel pretty good about that.
Praying over our nation.
Still, don't let your guard down on it all day long.
We have the victory.
We're praying from the victory side.
We're on the victory side.
You know, we're like the whack-a-moles.
We're out.
Those little whack-a-moles hit their heads up there.
We hit them, and we know another one's coming up.
We're going to hit them again.
Every time those whack-a-moles stick their heads up there, you smack them on the head.
That devil tries to come up out of his hole, you hit him in the head again.
I'm saying he ain't going to get up.
I know he's going to try.
Boop!
I bump him in the head.
You know those arcade games, you know the whack-a-mole?
That's what we do with the devil.
He tries to put his head up there, you hit him in the head with the little thing.
Say, 'No, you ain't sticking your head out of there, devil.
We got authority over you.
We're believing believers that have authority over you.
' We don't have defeat in our country.
The Lord said, 'I just heard.
I hear you.
' We call the revival to come forth.
We call it in.
We call revival.
We call great awakening.
Let revival start with you today, inside of you today.
Let revival start inside of you today.
Stir us, oh God.
Thank you, Lord.
Create in us a clean heart today.
Oh Father, create in us a clean heart.
I've seen this right there.
You're going to start to entertain angels unaware, and greater levels of angels and assistance as we get closer and closer to the coming of our Savior.
He's standing at the door.
But I just heard Him say, 'I'm sending angels and assistance even more in a greater capacity for this generation.
You need help, and help's on the way that's here now.
Believe for it.
' It's like they travel like that.
Just know that the Lord said many of you in the days ahead will entertain angels unaware, angels' aid and assistance.
Expect it.
Expect to walk and work with angels in this revival, in the healing flow, in bringing in the unsaved.
Work with the angels.
Commission your angels.
He said He would give His angels charge over us.
But they're ministering, aren't they?
Ministering spirits sent forth to the heirs of salvation.
They're sent to protect us and help us.
So, I use my angels all the time.
'Angels, I thank you that you're watching over my kids.
Thank you, Lord, that you sent your angels to protect our kids today as they go to school.
You're watching over our children.
' The Lord said there'll be four that I work with here with healings.
So I believe that today there are angels bringing your body parts, whatever you need: new kidneys, new heart, new liver, whatever you may need today.
You may be sick in your bed watching me and you're saying, 'Man, Brandon, I would like to go to work today.
I can't because I'm not feeling well or whatever.
' But I believe that the healing power of God is flowing through your room right now, wherever you are.
There is an expiration date to that sickness in your life.
There's an expiration date to the trial that you've been going through.
It's not meant for us to continue to live in a storm in any way.
We call peace to the storm.
People go through trials, people go through things, but people say, 'Well, I've been underneath this attack for so long.
I've got all this going on.
' No.
God wants us to live an abundant life to the extreme until it overflows.
It's not for us to live underneath a shadow of rain going, 'Oh God, where's the next storm?
' We're supposed to live a life to the extreme until it overflows with joy unspeakable and full of glory.
And so many people are living in the valley, the valley of the shadow of death.
Well, I've been in the valley of the shadow of death.
I remember Brother Hagin said, 'Well, the devil's been chasing me all week,' or whatever.
I might mess up the story, but it shouldn't be that we're running from the devil.
The devil should be running from us.
We have authority.
You have to understand your authority in Ephesians, and read Ephesians over and over again, all six chapters.
Go over it and over again.
Read it.
Read it and read it again.
Meditate on it.
I try to at least read it once a week.
My wife and I will go through it.
But now, Sister Billye gave that little book, and she has a little book about the authority of the believer, Billye Brim.
And you can get her little book.
I believe she probably has it on her website, but you can go on there, and it's a little thin book, just a little bitty book.
You can find it, and you read that prayer about being seated with Him in the heavenlies.
And take your place of authority every single day before you start your day, and tell that devil he ain't going to touch your kids, he ain't going to touch your husband, he ain't going to touch your wife.
And you use your authority.
Take communion.
I take communion probably twice a day.
Well, that seems excessive.
No, not in my world.
I take communion all the time.
I am continually staying in communion with Him.
'Father, I thank you.
' And I take this anointing oil, and I don't dump this all over me, but if I had more, I'd dump it.
But I put that anointing, and I anoint my kids with oil, and I put oil on their heads.
I got this from Billy Burke, which is so precious to me.
Do you have that up there, son?
Right there in my little box.
He got me this for Christmas last year.
And he gave me a bunch of them, little oils.
They're all frankincense.
He got that for me for Christmas.
And this is myrrh, and this is frankincense, and this is Rose of Sharon.
I thought that was really nice.
I was so excited.
See, it says 'Billy Burke' on it.
So, I take it, and I don't use a lot of this because this is precious to me.
So, I just anoint my kids with it.
I don't know if he had that on his website, but he just gave it to me.
I thought it was really nice of him.
Yep.
That's what you got to do.
You got to anoint your kids with oil.
Anoint your house.
You know, in this month of October, when they try to raise their head with all their satanic activities, with their jack-o'-lanterns on your porch—don't put a jack-o'-lantern on your porch.
Stop with that.
It's satanic.
Don't be putting a jack-o'-lantern on your porch.
Don't be dressing your kids up for Halloween, celebrating the devil.
Don't be trick-or-treating.
You need to listen: you're opening the door for a demonic attack against your life.
You need to anoint your house and keep your pets inside.
They try to sacrifice your cats and everything else.
Plead the blood of Jesus.
Go through your house and anoint your windows in your home where you lay your head on the pillow where your bed is.
Anoint your kids.
Anoint your car.
Pray over your stuff.
Pray over you.
Take it seriously.
And I do it a lot in October, especially here in America because they're always celebrating Halloween.
But we don't participate in Halloween.
We do not participate in Halloween in this house.
Period.
The Bible says give no place to the devil.
Give no place to the devil.
The world is like, 'Well, we just do all that.
' That's foolishness.
If you're a believing believer, it's foolishness.
'Well, our kids just want to have fun.
' Do something else.
Have a card game.
Play with your kids.
Play Uno or some kind of, you know, slapjack, or I don't know, whatever.
But I'm just saying do something else.
Watch The Passion of the Christ or what is that?
The Chosen.
I love The Chosen.
You can watch that, especially season four.
The woman with the issue of blood is my favorite episode.
But I just want you all to really be attentive, watchful.
Watch and pray.
Keep your eyes open right now.
If you feel a check inside of your spirit and you say the Lord said don't go there, don't go there.
You obey the voice of God for your life and it'll keep you alive.
Okay.
Listen to Him and listen again.
Follow the voice of God for your life every single day.
Don't be going out and just doing things just because you think you can do it.
I inquire of the Lord in everything I do.
Even if I think, "God, am I supposed to go to church tonight?
" You know, it says, "Forsake not yourself with church," and I go to church.
I love church.
But I even say, "God, where am I supposed to be tonight?
Protect me in every step I do.
Show me where I'm supposed to be.
" Do you understand?
Everything you do, I inquire of Him.
Father, I thank You.
But then you take authority over any spirits that try to lie to you.
"Well, no, you shouldn't go to church.
" No, shut up.
You know what I'm saying?
I want to make sure if it's the Holy Spirit or not, and not the devil.
You don't want to be listening to—you've got to test the spirits.
Do you confess that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh?
Don't be listening to everything, all these voices.
Everybody always listens to voices.
Test it.
Get in the Word and get centered with the Holy Spirit inside of you.
Say, "Father, I thank You that I hear Your voice and a stranger's voice I'll not follow.
" All those forebodings and torment all the time that the devil will try to plant on you to put you in fear, saying, "Hey, you should be in fear all the time.
" You walk around, like I said, like you have an umbrella over your head, "Oh no, everything—the sky is falling, Chicken Little.
" And you go, "No, it's not falling.
We've become more—we're more than conquerors through Him who loved us.
More than conquerors.
Greater is He that is in me than he that is in the world.
I'm not living in fear.
Fear tolerated is faith contaminated, and I will not live in fear.
I walk by faith and not by sight.
I'm a believing believer that has authority over the devil, but I listen to the voice of the Spirit of God.
And when He says do it, do it.
Follow Him in every area of your life.
You know, Jack Coe, they—there was all these people, they had a big rainstorm coming in.
Jack Coe had a big tent revival in Kansas, and he had this tent set up and there were tens of thousands of people coming and getting born again.
Well, in the middle of the night, the Lord said, "Take that tent down right now and put it in the back of those semis and get out of there.
" Well, he had a meeting the next day and everybody was coming.
Thousands of people were coming to this meeting to get healed and set free.
But he heard in the middle of the night, the Spirit of the Lord told him, "I want you to take your tent, take it down, put it in the back of those semis and get out of here quick.
" Well, he told all the people the next day, "I'm sorry, we're canceling the meeting.
The Lord said to take down the tent and pack it up and get out of here quick.
" And the pastors and the people around there said, "Well, you're not hearing God.
Why would God say to do that?
There's so many people getting born again.
There's so many people getting healed.
You're missing it, brother.
" And Jack said, "I'm sorry.
I have an urgency.
We must take the tent down.
" And all the other believers around there saying, "You're hearing the devil.
That's you.
Just take your authority.
Just take your authority, Jack.
Everything's going to be okay.
That's just the devil trying to run you out of here.
" He said, "Well, you say what you want to, but I'm taking my tent down.
" So he took the tent down, and all of a sudden, the levees, the dike, the bridge, the dam broke in that valley.
And in just a matter of minutes, he had 40 men lifting up that tent and putting it in there.
They were trying to flee and get away.
And he said, "Please don't leave me.
Help me put my tent inside of the truck.
" So those 40 men lifted that up there and they got out just in time.
He said he was looking in the rearview mirror, and where he was was completely flooded and destroyed.
And if he would have been there, he would have lost his tent and all those people that were in that revival would have died.
They would have drowned.
The people that stayed and did not listen drowned.
Churches were washed out.
People died by the thousands.
And so I just want to let you know, you say, "Well, that's torment, that's whatever.
" You take your authority.
Jack Coe, he was a man, a mighty man of God.
And I'm just saying, don't get flaky.
Don't be in presumption.
Hear Him and hear Him again.
Listen to the voice of God and He'll protect you.
Don't take that flight.
Don't drive down that road.
Listen to Him and listen again.
Don't go to that event.
I just try to tell you this because I hear a lot of people get real flaky with stuff, and we've got to stay grounded and stay in the Word and don't just be listening to all kinds of voices.
Listen to one voice: the Holy Spirit.
But the people I hear, they email us and say, "Well, you know, I hear an audible voice talk to me all the time" and all this stuff.
I'm going to tell you, you know how many times Brandon has heard an audible voice of the Spirit of God talking to him—I'm talking about an audible voice?
Never.
In fact, well, I'd say once.
I've heard it one time.
But out of all the time I've been born again, I never hear an audible voice.
The Lord does not talk to me in an audible voice.
He talks to me in the still, small voice on the inside of me.
And the more you pay attention to the still, small voice, that still, small voice gets loud.
And it's no longer still and small to me; it's loud.
I hear Him like I'm hearing you.
He talks to me and we talk all the time.
He will talk all the time to you.
He has an opinion about everything.
The Holy Spirit has an opinion about everything.
But the more you have a relationship with Him, the more He will become real to you.
When you get real with God, God will become real to you.
And He will talk to you in the still, small voice inside of you.
It's not weird, you know, "Oh, I hear voices out here.
" Those are devils.
99.
9% of the time, I can probably guarantee you, you're listening to demonic spirits.
He's the still, small voice inside of you, and He'll talk to you through His Word.
Get in this Bible and read it.
And the more you read it, I'm telling you, it's an enlightenment.
The eyes of your understanding will be enlightened.
The Bible's a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path.
I will hide the Word in my heart that I might not sin against Him.
So, get that Word down inside of you and pray and pray some more and fast.
If you say, "Well, I don't hear God," fast a little bit.
Make your flesh squirm.
Read your Bible, pray, and you'll hear Him.
Practice His presence.
Practice the Father's presence.
I practice it.
I talk to Him just like I'm talking to Braden right there.
I talk to Him.
My kids know I don't act all hyperspiritual and all weird and hermeneutical or theosophical.
I'm just an old country guy who has been raised in a Christian home.
You have to be hungry for it and you have to be thirsty.
And He said, "Those that knock, He will open the door.
Those that thirst, He will give you a drink.
" Remember, you're pursuing Him.
How desperate are you for change?
How thirsty, how hungry are you for change in your life?
"Blessed are the pure in heart, for they will see God.
" That's Jesus.
But I just want to give you an encouraging word today.
Thank you for helping me pray this morning.
I appreciate every single one of you for always being a part of this and coming and taking it seriously.
I don't take it for granted ever that anyone would come and pray with me and just be a part of our prayer channel.
We're growing every day.
We're almost to 570,000 people, and we're so grateful for every single one of you that subscribe and are a part of this prayer channel.
We have been praying for a million, and I believe the power of prayer changes things.
We didn't realize Diana said, "Isn't it so neat that Kathryn Kuhlman named her whole organization Prayer Changes Things?
" We didn't know when we named ours Prayer Changes Things; that was just leading by the Holy Spirit.
And I said, because it's somebody we admire, I said, "That is wonderful, Diana.
Look what the Lord did, even when we didn't know what He was doing—just following the leading of the Holy Spirit inside of you.
" He has such great plans for every single one of you.
He loves every single one of you so much.
And He's coming.
Do you know Jesus is coming?
He's standing at the door, ladies and gentlemen.
He's coming, but He's wanting a harvest.
He's leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one right now.
So you pray.
And like Sister Billye said last night, she talked about interceding for the unsaved.
And you'll be surprised when you get over there who made it because of your prayers—interceding for your cousins, for your aunts, for your uncles, for your grandmas, for your grandpas, for your moms, your dads, your wife, your children.
You're going to be—it's going to be—I'm telling you, He said that He wished that none should perish, but all come to repentance.
And I believe that today your unsaved loved ones are going to have an experience with God.
So, just have an expectation for it.
It's time.
We're going to start to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
Billy Graham, what he did is nothing compared to what we're about to see, and he did a lot—his tent meetings and his things.
I believe that what we're about to see is going to be like, "Wow," you know?
It's time to believe God for bigger.
So, God bless you all.
I think that's good today for right now.
I might come on this evening; depends on what I'm feeling this afternoon.
But I wanted to say, I don't know if it's really a happy Yom Kippur.
I don't even know if it's, you know, I know it's the Day of Repentance, a Day of Atonement, right?
So glory to God for His mercy that we have Him now.
He's our atoner.
He washed all our sins in His precious blood.
We don't have to have a goat.
We don't have to have a sheep.
We don't have to have a scapegoat go up the side of a mountain.
We have Jesus.
And Jesus paid the price for all our sins and all our sickness and all our disease.
He paid the price for all of us to walk in victory, that we can come to His throne boldly and sit down and say, "Dad, how are you doing today?
Jesus, how are you doing today?
" If it wasn't for the blood of Jesus, every one of us would be lost.
If it wasn't for the blood of Jesus, none of us could walk in divine health.
I know it was the blood.
I know it was the blood for me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on the cross.
And I know it was the blood for me.
He's coming back again.
He's coming back again for me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on the cross.
And I know it was the blood for me.
I believe that's the way the words go.
"Three days and He arose.
Three days and He arose.
" I love those old songs.
He's coming back again for me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on the cross.
They need to start singing stuff like that again.
Well, did you get blessed today by it?
Praise the Lord, I hope you did.
I was blessed.
He's coming back again for me.
I know it was the blood.
I know it was the blood for me.
He shed the blood for me.
He shed the blood for you.
Do you believe it?
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on the cross, and He's coming back again for me.
I like those old songs; they get you dancing.
Nancy's coming to our church.
Nancy Dufresne's coming to the church this next week all for a bunch of days.
Then Billy Burke, you follow Tennessee.
The prayer conference is the fifteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth in Branson, Missouri—Sister Billye Brim, her prayer conference.
And boy, are they going to have a meeting.
They're going to have special guests there, Lynne Hammond.
It's going to be wonderful.
I'm excited about it.
We're going to go and get in the prayer flow.
There's a lot of good intercessors.
They all assemble together, and boy, I tell you what, you can feel the river when they all pray.
I just love it.
You learn to cut your teeth on that kind of stuff.
It's just changed my life.
Why I am who I am was listening to Sister Lynne and Lucy and Billye and all the greats.
It's where you learn.
You've got to learn from the elders.
And I'm telling you, it'll change your life.
Don't go Rambo, you know.
So, glory to God.
Anybody have any questions or anything before I go?
Excuse me.
Do you see any comments?
Nothing.
You want to know anything?
If not, I can't really go into a lot of what it's about today until I talk to my friend.
But praise the Lord, no.
"What does Jesus look like?
What does Jesus look like?
" Yeah, I'll tell you.
This is it.
Every time I think about what I saw, His eyes are pure pools of love.
You can get lost in His eyes.
They're the most crystal clear eyes I've ever looked into.
The way He looks at you is the most yearning and love I can ever describe of anything I've ever seen.
When He looks at you, He looks right through you.
When He looks at you, the purity of who He is, it's—when you say love, His eyes are the expression of love.
They're the most beautiful blue-green looking color I've ever seen.
But there's no end to them.
His hair goes real tailored to about right here, but it's tailored.
It's very manicured and it's a beautiful brown color.
His beard is perfect.
His beard is very tailored and perfect.
It's not long and bushy; it's tailored.
Everything about Him, His skin tone is an olive.
It's not white like Brandon; it's more of a brown, like an olive.
But His beard is a brown; it's not black.
It's brown like the shade of His hair, but His eyes are a blue, like a green-blue.
They're the most piercing color of blue I've ever seen, like a beautiful color.
They were not brown; they looked blue to me.
And you know what?
Remember whenever I had the throne experience?
The eye that came out of the eye was like an all-seeing eye, but it came out and there was fire dancing in the middle of it.
Fire was moving all inside of the eye.
It wasn't one fire; it was hundreds of fires burning all inside of the eye because He was a consuming fire.
The fire was dancing upon fire as I looked into it.
And it was everything I could do not to wet myself.
I'm not trying to be funny; I'm just being real with you.
It was the most fearful thing I've ever seen in my life.
I literally thought I was going to die.
The fire was the most consuming fire, and the eyes were fire.
And His voice was so thunderous that I thought it was going to pierce the inside of me when He spoke.
And He said, "I am that I am.
" That's what He said.
And it was so loud that it shook the very room that I was in: "I am that I am.
" And it went "woo".
When He spoke, it went "woo".
And every one of His words never died; they turned into a seed in front of my face.
And as He spoke, they all gathered in lines.
And they all started to sprout like a peanut before me, like spider vines.
And every word became a word, and it never died.
And it grew in front of my face as He spoke, and it formed sentences.
And as the words were coming out, they grew together, and all the words grew together.
And they went straight down, and the river of it was flowing through His throne.
It was a river of water.
And the roots and the words that came forth out of His mouth, they grew into the water and they grew a taproot into the water and they never died.
Every word that he spoke became a plant, like a growth of something coming out, and it grew.
His words never die.
They're always alive.
They don't return unto him void.
He doesn't flippantly talk.
His words become alive in the seed, and they spring forth life as he speaks, and they grow into the water, and the water flows from his throne.
And there's ankle-deep, waist-deep, and there's over-the-head deep, clear at his throne—the clearest, purest water you've ever seen in your life.
No pollution, no nothing.
It's the most beautiful water.
And there's plants that are growing into that water.
I could see the seeds.
And as he spoke, they kept growing, and they went up together, and it looked like a whole...
I told you there were hieroglyphics and writing I've never seen before.
They were all on these tablets on the side, and I could see writing, and it was etched in this stone.
It looked like granite.
It was all on the side of his throne, and I could see the words that were written looked like they were etched by his hand, like you would see like Moses' tablets, but it was writing like I've never seen before.
And there were all kinds of different shapes and things.
It looked like something from like what you'd see in Egyptian hieroglyphics.
It was a writing.
I don't understand it, but it was all etched in the side of this rock.
I don't know why he let me see that, but they were there and he pointed it out to me.
It was ancient and upon his head.
His crown has three major stones.
They were blue as sapphire.
And upon his head was a crown that looked like a sapphire.
This massive fire was coming out of him, and he allowed me to see inside of him.
And he's endless.
There is no beginning and there is no end.
But there's sparkles of light, and he is a dimension in himself.
He said, "I want to let you see," and he let me.
Whether you believe or don't believe, I don't really care what you believe.
I'm telling you what I saw.
And upon his head were stones, three major stones, and I got to see inside of it, and they were blue and they were gorgeous.
The most beautiful thing I've ever seen, and I beheld it.
But inside of him, there was no beginning and there was no end.
He was a dimension.
He is God, Jehovah our God, from his throne, and his eyes are a flaming fire.
He is a consuming fire.
And upon his throne, the angels go around, and they were singing, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts, who was and is and is to come.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts, who was and is and is to come.
" And as they said it, it shook the foundation of everything.
Did you hear that?
Yeah.
Was that thunder when I said that, son?
Yeah, that was over the top.
That gave me chills.
Whoa.
Wow.
Praise God.
Whoa.
Did you hear that?
When I said that, every prayer when we pray looks like a ball of fire.
It circles his throne, and they go inside of him, and he breathes them in.
I watched him as we pray, interceding for the world.
They come up, and they look like comets, and they circle his throne, and he breathes the prayers in, and they come out, and they circle, and they don't die.
The prayers continually are fire, and I could see them coming in and out of him, and he would breathe and it would circle.
I remember seeing a man praying for intercession, and he allowed me to hear this.
Pastor Tracy Harris was interceding for the nations, and Pastor Tracy Harris was praying for the nations, and I was allowed to hear him.
He has a church in Texarkana, and he was in the throne room with me that day and didn't know I could hear him praying, and the Lord allowed me to hear Pastor Tracy Harris praying in the throne room.
He was interceding for the world, and I saw an impartation going to that man that day.
I have these experiences and I don't talk about them very often, but you asked.
But there is no beginning and there is no end.
There is no time.
He is God.
And for what little glimpse I got to see that day, oh, he looks like a massive eye.
There are no words that can can describe.
I tried my best, even with what I said to you today.
He is light, and in him, there is no darkness at all.
He is light.
But once you get past the outer layer—there's a layer of...
okay, I'll try my best.
His skin is light, okay?
But inside of him...
we're made in his image, okay?
So you look at it like this: you take the sun, and you look at the sun, and the sun is dark compared to what he looked like.
But once you can get past the light, we are made in his image.
We are made like him.
He looks like us or we look like him, just like Jesus.
He has form.
But once you get past the layer of light, he is a dimension.
There is no beginning and there is no end.
It's light.
There are balls of light and fire inside of him.
And there are beautiful rainbow colors in his throne.
It was living water.
That was a glimpse of what I was allowed to see that day.
But whatever those tablets were, or writing I've never seen before...
and that picture that my son is showing you right there looks almost identical to the way he came.
Not that one.
That one.
This one.
Yes.
Yeah.
Mhm.
But it's better than that.
Yeah, that's similar.
He looks happier than that.
That picture right there, he looks a lot like that, but it's not adequate enough.
His skin is more olive, and his hair is better than that.
His beard is similar, his eyes are very similar, but even that pales in comparison.
How do you draw that?
How do you paint that?
That's somebody's image of him, and they did a pretty good job, but he is more beautiful.
It's better than that.
And he doesn't always dress that way.
He has different outfits, and it's pretty cool.
I've seen him in a thing that had all kinds of really cool embroidery on the sides, that had some kind of writing that looked like a cloak.
I've seen him with a king's crown.
I've seen him with a cloak over him.
I've seen him just in white.
But every time is always so amazing.
He is always happy, and he's always so excited.
His face is always so full of love, and he's just Jesus.
He has huge holes in his hands because he died for you.
And in his hands, you can see through the holes—huge holes.
And through his feet.
And he wears sandals.
Not Nikes, not Reeboks.
He wears sandals every time.
Beautiful leather sandals every time.
And one day soon, we will spend eternity with him.
Oh, they said you saw him in overalls.
Oh, yes!
I have seen him in overalls.
As the harvester, he was wearing overalls.
Yes, he did.
The day he came, that was really an amazing vision.
That was an amazing visitation.
He was wearing those overalls.
I can't remember...
didn't he have a hat?
He had a straw hat on, too, yeah.
And he put this thing...
he had a blade of wheat he plucked off the ground, and he put it in his mouth, and he twirled it around in his lips.
And he said, "I am the Lord of the harvest, Brandon.
Will you help me bring in the people?
" And there was a barn full of glory.
And he said, "That's your harvesting equipment up there.
" And his hands...
he said, "I died for every single one of them.
" He held his hands out, and there was a hole that went all the way through, and I could see the wheat on the other side—the one that he plucked up and put in his mouth.
And he was twirling it with his mouth, that little piece of wheat.
Yeah.
He's such a friend.
Oh, Lord.
Soon.
Yep.
When he came and he said, "One last call," he was wearing a different outfit.
That's what I'm talking about.
He was wearing what was like a robe, but he had a priestly embroidery all on the side of this robe.
It looked like a cloak, and it went over and went down all around the side.
It went down in stripes all the way down, and there was some kind of writing on it.
It was beautiful.
And that's when he was saying, "One last call.
One last call.
" That is what he kept saying.
And his voice turned into a shofar.
And as he would blow, he would yell, "One last call!
" It would echo through the land as the sound of a horn, saying, "One last call.
" Yep, praise the Lord.
Once you have one experience, you're hooked.
You're hooked.
I'm addicted to Jesus.
There's nothing this world can offer me.
I do everything I do for him.
Once you have a touch from him, if you could just have one second, that one touch will change you forever.
That one touch—it radically changes you from the inside out.
And I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, Jesus is coming.
When I went to the tribulation with him, and we walked the tribulation and saw the tribulation together, he looked at me and said, "Brandon, I'm coming.
Go tell my people that I'm coming.
Go tell my people.
" And every visitation I have of heaven—and I've seen so much of it—I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, it is the most beautiful place he's prepared for every single one of you.
When we get over there and you get there, I can't wait to say hi to you.
It's going to be such a wonderful time.
What a family reunion!
What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus.
We'll sing and shout the victory.
When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be.
When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory.
Oh, it's coming.
He's coming.
We just have a little bit more work to do.
But now we have our friends over there; they're making intercession for us and they're helping.
He's praying for us.
Do you understand?
And he's interceding for us, and he is at the right hand of the Father.
And I'm telling you, he loves every single one of you.
You know, every time I talk about it, I've just got to give an altar call.
You have to know him.
If you don't know my friend and you're watching this today, you must know him.
You must know my friend.
If you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior and you're watching this today, he died for you.
You may be somebody—you might be at your work right now and you just stumbled upon this broadcast today, and you're watching it and you don't even know how you're watching or why you're watching or whatever, but you feel that tugging on the inside of you right now.
You feel a stirring on the inside of you.
You may have known him before and you've turned your back on him.
He never turned his back on you, but you turned your back on him.
You used to be radically on fire for Jesus at one point in time in your life, but you've slowly slipped back into what you used to be.
The old man became alive again.
You turned your back on the Lord.
You said, "Ah, you know, this Christian thing is not for me.
" But you see the signs around you.
You see that things are heating up.
You know there's something going on, and you feel it's time to come back to the Father.
Just like the prodigal son or the prodigal daughter, you're laying in the pig pen and you're just saying, "If I could go back to the Father today, would he accept me?
" But he's ready to kill the fatted calf and he has that robe ready to put on you.
Don't go one more day without Jesus.
Don't go one more hour, one more minute, one more second without him.
It's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
The very shoes you put on right now to go to work or do whatever you're going to do today, the undertaker might be taking them off that evening.
No one is promised tomorrow.
You may die today, you may die tomorrow, or you may die in your sleep.
You don't know.
But the Bible says to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord if you're a born-again Christian, or you're instantaneously in hell for eternity.
I want you to choose today whom you will serve.
I want you to really think this through.
This may be your last opportunity, but if you feel that stirring on the inside of you right now—the Bible says that no man comes to the Father unless he calls him.
And if you feel that stirring on the inside of you right now, after I've told you all about how much he loves you and what he has for you, that's the Holy Spirit scratching.
He's knocking on your door saying, "Will you let me in?
I'm at your door and I'm knocking.
I'm asking you, will you let me in?
" I believe that today Jesus is knocking on your heart.
You may be watching this and you turned your back on him.
Like I said, you may be a person that's never asked Jesus to be your Lord and personal Savior.
But today, I want to give you the opportunity to ask him into your life.
Jesus died for you publicly, so I want you to become public with your decision to follow him today.
I want you to put in the comment section right now, "I need to be saved.
I'm coming home.
" Today, "I want to be saved today.
Today is my day.
I'm running to the Father like that sheep that says, 'Hey, I just need a shepherd.
'" If that's you and you're here right now and you're feeling that stirring on the inside of you, I want you to just put in the comment section right now, "I want to be saved," or "I want to rededicate my life.
I want to come home.
" I'll give you a couple of seconds.
I just want you to make that decision right now.
Well, if you're here and you've made that decision, you've said that, I want to lead you in a prayer.
It's a simple prayer.
I am the most unreligious person you'll ever meet.
I'm about relationship.
I want you to know my friend today.
I want you to have a relationship with him.
I'm not introducing you to a church and to a denomination.
I'm not trying to tell you you need to be Baptist, Methodist, Catholic, whatever.
I'm telling you, you just need to be a born-again Christian that just loves Jesus.
So, I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me in your precious blood.
Jesus, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my past.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve you with all my heart.
Jesus, I'll serve you from this day forward.
With all I have, with everything I have inside of me, I dedicate my life to you.
Jesus, write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Cleanse me, Father.
Make me new.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me.
Thank you, Lord, that you wrote my name in that Lamb's Book of Life.
I love you, Lord.
" And then for those that are coming home today, say, "Lord, I'm coming home.
I'm coming home.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me and I'm coming home.
" If you just said that prayer, I believe that you just got born again.
I believe that you are no longer unsaved, but today you just did the best thing you could ever do.
You accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
Now, what do you do?
Find a non-denominational church.
That's what I would do: find a non-denominational church.
I would go to church every Sunday, every Wednesday when they have a Bible study, whatever you can do to learn about Christianity and what you just did today.
Come here, pray with us, but find a pastor at one of those non-denominational churches and tell them, "I need to be water-baptized.
I want to make the next step.
" I want to be water-baptized, sir.
Help me.
Can you help me?
And get water-baptized.
Read a Bible.
Find a Bible.
Read a Bible every day and pray with us.
Pray by yourself.
Find and say, 'Jesus, I want you to become real to me.
I want you to become real to me.
Help your word to become real to me.
' Read Psalms.
Read Proverbs.
Read the easy stuff first because you're a new baby.
But read that.
It's easy reads.
Read them.
Read Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.
Read those.
Learn about Jesus and what he did for you.
Pray with us.
Find a church and become a volunteer.
You know, maybe they'll want you to usher or be a doorkeeper or something and get plugged in.
It's not hard.
But I'm going to tell you this: you may fall down and skin your knee again and be in sin.
The devil might tempt you again.
You may fall.
But you run to God when you sin; you don't run away from him.
You run to God when you sin; you don't run from him.
And when you confess your sin is not when Jesus found out about it; it's when you got rid of it.
So you may fall, you may skin your knee, but you run to him and say, 'Jesus, I need you to help me.
I can't do this on my own.
' And he's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He'll never leave you.
He'll never forsake you.
'Lo, and to the end of the earth,' he said he'd be with you always.
I believe that today Jesus will become real to you as you became real with him.
'Father, I need you.
' That's it.
He loves you just as you are, and he'll change you from the inside out, cleanse you and make you right.
He did it.
But you got to—now don't go back like a dog.
Don't be like a dog that goes back to the vomit and say, 'You know what?
I'm going to go back into the old lifestyle I had.
' Behold, he makes all things new.
And you make the choice to say, 'Hey, I'm following you.
' But don't go back practicing sin.
Make a commitment.
Say, 'Lord, if you help me, I'm going to do my best to stay out of that mess.
Help me.
I can't do this on my own.
' And that's called God's grace.
It's something you don't earn and something you don't deserve.
It's Jesus's grace.
He's paved the way for it.
He'll help you.
The Holy Spirit will help you.
So, praise God.
Now, if you can't afford a Bible, we want to send you a Bible for free.
There's an email in the description down below.
I want you to email that and say, 'I want a Bible for free.
I just got born again watching your broadcast today, and I would love to have a Bible.
' Diana, my wife, and I will send you a Bible for free just to congratulate you on your decision to serve Jesus today.
We'll give you a Bible for free.
Just tell us down below your address, your information.
We'll never solicit you.
We'll not bother you ever again.
We just want to celebrate your decision today that you gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
So if you are here and you gave your heart to Jesus Christ, do that.
It's fine.
You know, we'll give you a Bible—usually a New King James or a King James or Amplified.
So praise God.
Praise God.
Did we have anybody get born again, son?
80.
80 people.
Well, glory to God, you came back home.
We're excited.
80 people, and you're our first altar call of October.
So, we'll keep a—I want to know because I'm going to try to do it every single time I do a broadcast.
Don't ever forget to do an altar call because we're—so 80, I'll write that down.
80 people today gave their heart to Jesus.
Praise God.
We're excited.
80.
Yesterday, the day before yesterday, was, I think, 30.
And in South Korea was that, or 20?
Yeah, it was 20.
I think it was 20 in South Korea.
20.
Okay.
Well, I think that's good.
Does anybody else have anything?
I think that's good today.
If you could do me a favor, if you have never subscribed to my channel, please subscribe to our channel.
Help us.
We're believing God for a million subscribers, for a million men and women prayer army.
Please subscribe, click the notification bell, comment something nice down below if this blessed you today, and help us with the algorithm.
Now, we have addressed TikTok.
There was a man impersonating me, and he wanted you to give him $5 a month for a subscription.
He is a con artist.
I don't have a subscription telling you anything about crypto or anything.
But there are many of you that have subscribed to this man's $5-a-month program, thinking you're supporting me.
This is not me.
I'm going after this man for impersonating me and stealing the money and telling you financial advice that I do not do.
This TikTok guy is evil.
He's hid himself.
He had over 100,000 subscribers.
I want you to know that that is not me, and I'm not asking you for $5 or a paid subscription to anything.
And so I'm very, very angry about this.
100,000 people—that's a lot of people, that's a lot of money.
So I want you to know we're going after every TikToker, and we're going to take you down.
We're not going to allow this.
I am very angry about this, that this is going on over there.
Several hundred channels impersonating me and ripping people off, and TikTok is a cesspool.
It is a cesspool.
It's a swamp.
It is a social media swamp of how they handle it over there, and I am very irritated about it.
Diana spent all night long doing this because of how bad this was.
So, know that we are going to take down every account that is impersonating me from now on.
And if I have to, I'll hire an attorney.
I'm not kidding.
That's how serious it is.
$5 and a subscriber for all the transcript over there, and over 100,000 people.
That is ridiculous.
And I am not telling you anything about investment or whatever he's telling you through Telegram.
So, the other thing is, AI just took the leap.
Remember when I told you all about AI and how AI was going to take another leap and it would start to evolve and become greater and greater?
They did an update yesterday, and this new update is off-the-charts technology that we have never seen before.
And I'm telling you all, great deception is coming beyond anything you can comprehend, with things that you will see that will be very deceiving.
Deceiving.
Thank you, son.
I'm tired.
Do you have that to show them?
Yeah, I'm going to get it.
I want you to stay here for just a second and see this.
I don't think very many of you all have seen this, but I want you to see.
Remember when I told you they're going to try to explain away the revival that's about to take place?
Remember I told you they will try to get you to second-guess the creative miracles that are about to take place?
Watch this.
Can you show them that?
I want you to tell me, do you think this looks real?
Can you show them?
Are they still here?
Okay, watch this right here.
I want you to see this little video.
If you can get that up there.
Do you see this?
Let's see if you can.
Okay.
Now, can they hear it?
Yeah.
Go ahead.
Play it now.
This is new AI.
'Jesus, Father, I speak life into this limb right now.
' 'Oh.
Oh my.
I feel it.
Grow out in Jesus' name.
Be made perfect.
' 'It's there.
I can move it.
Thank you, Lord.
' 'Let's stand him up.
Give God the praise.
' 'Jesus, Father, I speak life into this limb right now.
' 'Oh.
Oh my.
I feel it.
Grow out in Jesus' name.
Be made perfect.
' 'It's there.
I can move it.
Thank you, Lord.
' 'Let's stand him up.
Give God the praise.
' Do you see that?
That's AI.
That's fake.
But they're going to try to use that to try to discredit and make you think that the creative miracles and the power of God that you're about to see with the greatest harvest and the greatest soul-winning of healing demonstrations and manifestations that you've ever seen in this world before.
They're going to try to explain away like this that was created out of AI.
Can you believe that?
That looked real, didn't it?
Do you see the deception that's coming?
I'm trying to warn you all.
Great deception is coming.
That looked real, didn't it?
Like that man's leg grew out.
Did they see it?
Yeah.
There's much more that I could show you.
There's much more.
You will not be able to, without great discernment, decipher what's real and what's fake in the days ahead with the new update that they just did last night.
That was last night.
I told you it would evolve and become so powerful, so quickly, that it's going to deceive many, and everybody's going to go like, 'Oh, that's just AI,' when people are really getting healed.
Do you have anything else?
We have drones.
We have all kinds.
What do they think about that?
I can't see what they're saying.
They say it looks pretty real.
It's starting to.
It's just starting.
That one looked like a tent.
Yeah, but look at this.
This doesn't grow out, though.
But yeah, but he gets up.
This is another fake one right here.
But the Lord is the same today.
'Brother, do you believe?
' 'I do.
' 'In the name of Jesus Christ, I command this leg to grow and be made whole.
' Give God the praise, saints, the church.
You can see the difference right here.
But the Lord is the same today, brother.
Do you believe?
I do.
In the name of Jesus Christ, I command this leg to grow and be made whole.
Give God the praise, saints, the church.
Do you see that?
I'm just saying it's coming.
Great deception.
And many people are going to be deceived by it.
But it's to try to take away from the authenticity of what God's going to do.
God's going to do something huge.
But see, the devil comes as such a—he's such a jerk to try to go, 'Oh, see, that stuff's not...
' because you'll question it.
'Is that real?
Is that fake?
I don't know.
' And as I told you, this is his plan.
I'm like, 'Whatever.
' You're not going to stop the glory of God that's going to cover this earth like water covers the sea.
We are going to see some amazing things.
And I'm telling you, we're not going to allow the devil to use his little tactics and his gimmicks to try to discredit or harm what we're about to do.
That's what we're going to do.
We're going to pray over that kind of stuff, and we're going to say, 'Satan, you're under our feet, and you're not using AI against us.
You're a liar and you're defeated.
' So, glory to God.
I think that's good today.
We'll pray more maybe this evening.
I don't know.
We'll see.
But I just wanted to come on today and handle that business this morning, and just tell you all we've got the victory.
Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Thank you.